CORE-11842 - updated getting started docs for beta 2 (#1192)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.0-beta/developing/getting-started/running-your-first-cordapp/run-first-cordapp.md

To run the flow, you must first start a local [combined worker](../../../introduction/corda4-differences.html#combined-worker) version of Corda. CSDE includes helper Gradle tasks to do this.
{{< figure src="starting-corda.png" width="50%" figcaption="CSDE startCorda task" alt="CSDE task to start the combined worker in IntelliJ" >}}

> The `startCorda` task will run in an Intellij 'Run' window, after about a minute it will show the following output:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `startCorda` task runs in an Intellij 'Run' window. After about a minute, it shows the following output:
```
